# Address-Book-Project
A small address book java based console application
ADDRESS BOOK SIMPLE JAVA APPLICATION 
Pre-Requisites:
1-	Any Supported IDE(IntelliJ preferred)
2-	Maven
3-	Java SDK
4-	Junit
5-	AssertJ
Running the Application:
Simply import project from GitHub repository provided at https://github.com/hammey07/Address-Book-Project. Once project is imported make sure all dependencies are loaded and downloaded. 
If “Error:java: error: release version 5 not supported” occurs, simply change project Byte code and target byte code to java 12 in compiler settings. 
JAR file placement:
The JAR file can also generated by using maven “mvn clean install” command through maven terminal. As requested, I have also placed JAR file in my github respository at https://github.com/hammey07/Address-Book-Project/blob/master/addressbook-1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar.
Functionality Tests: 
There is one Junit Test file:
1-	AddressBookTest
This file contains a lists of tests shown below to test out the overall functionality of our application. The features that are tested are written below
1-	Adding a contact to addressbook.
2-	Deleting a contact from addressbook
3-	Getting information about a contact
4-	Sorting of contact list within addressbook
5-	Getting count of total contacts in addressbook
6-	Testing the functionality of editing a contact in addressbook
Running the Test Suite:
Tests can be run by two following ways: 
Via IDE:
In order to run all tests presented in AddressBookTest class, simply run the class. 
Via Command-line:
1-	Click on the maven tab and click on execute maven goal symobol (denoted by “m”). 
2-	Type in “mvn clean test”
3-	Test execution and Results will be shown in maven terminal. 

